docs: update helm docs for the new layout (#3326)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/helm/reference/scaffolding.md

---

After creating a new operator project using
`operator-sdk init --plugins=helm.operator-sdk.io/v1`, the project directory has numerous generated folders and files. The following table describes a basic rundown of each generated file/directory.

| File/Folders | Purpose |
| :---         | :---    |

> | config | Contains a generic set of Kubernetes manifests for deploying this operator on a Kubernetes cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config | Contains kustomize manifests for deploying this operator on a Kubernetes cluster. |
```

| helm-charts/\<kind> | Contains a Helm chart initialized using the equivalent of [`helm create`][docs_helm_create] |

> | Dockerfile | Operator project image which wil be built and initialized |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dockerfile | Used to build the operator image with `make docker-build` |
```
